fix(css): a broken link (#30260)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/building_blocks/handling_different_text_directions/index.md

## Writing modes and block and inline layout

> We have already discussed [block](/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/CSS/Block_formatting_context) and [inline](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Inline_formatting_context) layout, and the fact that some things display as block elements and others as inline elements. As we have seen described above, block and inline is tied to the writing mode of the document, and not the physical screen. Blocks are only displayed from the top to the bottom of the page if you are using a writing mode that displays text horizontally, such as English.

Reviewer: There is also https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flow_layout/Block_and_inline_layout_in_normal_flow and https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flow_layout/Introduction_to_formatting_contexts - are these suitable?

Author: Isn't it better to give direct links to the docs than to intro sections?
Here the reference is supposed to elaborate on  `and the fact that some things display as block elements and others as inline elements.`

And the stuff `As we have seen described above, block and inline is tied to the writing mode of the document, and not the physical screen.`, I think, has been mentioned somewhere above in this doc.

Author: The first one combines both so we can use it:
```suggestion
We have already discussed [block and inline layout](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_flow_layout/Block_and_inline_layout_in_normal_flow), and the fact that some things display as block elements and others as inline elements. As we have seen described above, block and inline is tied to the writing mode of the document, and not the physical screen. Blocks are only displayed from the top to the bottom of the page if you are using a writing mode that displays text horizontally, such as English.
```
